                                        DDOS
                          
What is a DDoS Attack?
  A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack is a malicious attempt to disrupt normal traffic of a targeted server, 
service or network by overwhelming the target or its surrounding infrastructure with a flood of Internet traffic.
DDoS attacks achieve effectiveness by utilizing multiple compromised computer systems as sources of attack traffic. 
Exploited machines can include computers and other networked resources such as IoT devices. From a high level, 
a DDoS attack is like a traffic jam clogging up with highway, preventing regular traffic from arriving at its
desired destination.


How does a DDoS attack work?
   A DDoS attack requires an attacker to gain control of a network of online machines in order to carry out an attack. Computers and other machines (such as IoT devices) are infected with malware, turning each one into a bot (or zombie). 
The attacker then has remote control over the group of bots, which is called a botnet.

Once a botnet has been established, the attacker is able to direct the machines by sending updated instructions to 
each bot via a method of remote control. When the IP address of a victim is targeted by the botnet, each bot will 
respond by sending requests to the target, potentially causing the targeted server or network to overflow capacity, 
resulting in a denial-of-service to normal traffic. Because each bot is a legitimate Internet device, separating 
the attack traffic from normal traffic can be difficult.

common types of DDoS attacks:
1.Volume Based Attacks
Includes UDP floods, ICMP floods, and other spoofed-packet floods. The attack’s goal is to saturate the bandwidth 
of the attacked site, and magnitude is measured in bits per second (Bps).

2.Protocol Attacks
Includes SYN floods, fragmented packet attacks, Ping of Death, Smurf DDoS and more. This type of attack consumes 
actual server resources, or those of intermediate communication equipment, such as firewalls and load balancers, 
and is measured in packets per second (Pps).

3.Application Layer Attacks
Includes low-and-slow attacks, GET/POST floods, attacks that target Apache, Windows or OpenBSD vulnerabilities 
and more. Comprised of seemingly legitimate and innocent requests, the goal of these attacks is to crash the 
web server, and the magnitude is measured in Requests per second (Rps).


What is the process for mitigating a DDoS attack?
The key concern in mitigating a DDoS attack is differentiating between attack and normal traffic. For example, 
if a product release has a company’s website swamped with eager customers, cutting off all traffic is a mistake. 
If that company suddenly has a surge in traffic from known bad actors, efforts to alleviate an attack are probably 
necessary. The difficulty lies it telling apart the real customer and the attack traffic.

In the modern Internet, DDoS traffic comes in many forms. The traffic can vary in design from un-spoofed single 
source attacks to complex and adaptive multi-vector attacks. A multi-vector DDoS attack uses multiple attack pathways 
in order to overwhelm a target in different ways, potentially distracting mitigation efforts on any one trajectory. 
An attack that targets multiple layers of the protocol stack at the same time, such as a DNS amplification 
(targeting layers 3/4) coupled with a HTTP flood (targeting layer 7) is an example of multi-vector DDoS.

Mitigating a multi-vector DDoS attack requires a variety of strategies in order to counter different trajectories. 
Generally speaking, the more complex the attack, the more likely the traffic will be difficult to separate from 
normal traffic - the goal of the attacker is to blend in as much as possible, making mitigation as inefficient 
as possible. Mitigation attempts that involve dropping or limiting traffic indiscriminately may throw good traffic 
out with the bad, and the attack may also modify and adapt to circumvent countermeasures. In order to overcome a 
complex attempt at disruption, a layered solution will give the greatest benefit.
Black Hole Routing
Rate Limiting
Web Application Firewall
Anycast Network Diffusion
